probably in a million little ways that I'm not even conscious of. Now,
I do think that okay, My parents divorce showed me a couple of things.
Number one, they watching my mom be a single mom. Um, and, you know,
raised my brother and I by herself essentially, because we we were
in Hawaii for the school year. And then we would go visit my dad
in California during the summer months. Um, so she essentially it was
totally single parenting it for nine months. A good good 9 to 10
months out of every year. And watching her do that, I think taught me
that, you know, women can do a lot. Um, I don't think either of my
parents were particularly sexist at all. If anything, they were not
that, um, but watching the example of my mom kind of head a family
all by yourself on her own and and figure it out, Um, really, I think
contributed to my sense of possibility and just ability. My dad, you
know, he was a clinical psychologist. And so from early as I can
remember, I've always kind of known what psychology waas and talked
about various psychological constructs and, you know, kind of just thought
about things through that, that that lens of psychology s I'm
sure that that that certainly influenced me to some. I mean, people
are just fascinating. People are really And why do people do the things
they dio? That it's such an interesting question, and and the idea
that there may be actual reasons out of, you know, there may be
reasons people do the things they do instead of just like people are
weird. Um, that probably had something to dio with with my choosing
the career path, Um, that I did.